README.md, before:

# EcomWeb

An e-commerce website using MEAN stack and containerized using Docker.

## ⚙️ Source Code

FrontEnd: [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.0.4.

## 📚 Tech Stack and Packages

* MongoDB
* Express.js
* Angular.js
* Node.js


## 🎛️ Features

1. Advance Search and Shop
2. Add and Remove items to the cart
3. Tags and Categorization of items

## 🧑‍💻 Developer setup

### 🐳 With Docker

*For Client* 

Run the command `docker compose -f 'docker-compose.yml' up -d --build`. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/` in a browser.

### 🎣 Without Docker

*For Client* 

Naviage to client folder in project `cd client`.
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/` in a browser. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## 📸 Screenshots

![Screenshot 2024-12-21 at 11 22 07 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eb4b8ac7-447e-4a4c-8884-8cc855de6d71)
![Screenshot 2024-12-21 at 11 25 13 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6e16596f-f69b-4340-8704-c21ad0174f76)
![Screenshot 2024-12-21 at 11 26 15 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9603753c-d7f9-4cc2-9286-c2bf7dd73843)
![Screenshot 2024-12-21 at 11 24 36 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a5e0c382-0a8f-467d-98a9-21fa046b8138)
![Screenshot 2024-12-21 at 11 25 36 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/65bb669a-e415-4172-8c6b-360c72794fb9)

Commit message:

Server side Implementation First Cut

README.md, after:

# EcomWeb

An e-commerce website using MEAN stack and containerized using Docker.

## ⚙️ Source Code

FrontEnd: [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.0.4.

## 📚 Tech Stack and Packages

* MongoDB
* Express.js
* Angular.js
* Node.js


## 🎛️ Features

1. Advance Search and Shop
2. Add and Remove items to the cart
3. Tags and Categorization of items

## 🧑‍💻 Developer setup

### 🐳 With Docker

Run the command `docker compose -f 'docker-compose.yml' up -d --build`. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/` in a browser. Server will be running in `http://localhost:3000/` and Mongo DB is on port `27017`.

### 🎣 Without Docker

*For Client* 

Naviage to client folder in project `cd client`.
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/` in a browser. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

*For Server*

Navigate to the server folder in the project `cd server`.
Run `npm start` to start the Express.js server. The server will be running at `http://localhost:3000/`.

*For DB*

The MongoDB connection string is `mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017`.

## 📸 Screenshots

![Screenshot 2024-12-21 at 11 22 07 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eb4b8ac7-447e-4a4c-8884-8cc855de6d71)
![Screenshot 2024-12-21 at 11 25 13 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6e16596f-f69b-4340-8704-c21ad0174f76)
![Screenshot 2024-12-21 at 11 26 15 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9603753c-d7f9-4cc2-9286-c2bf7dd73843)
![Screenshot 2024-12-21 at 11 24 36 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a5e0c382-0a8f-467d-98a9-21fa046b8138)
![Screenshot 2024-12-21 at 11 25 36 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/65bb669a-e415-4172-8c6b-360c72794fb9)
